Okay, this bowl
8 million me Mike is a traffic cop
Sorry, Boss Li.
It's my dad's birthday in two days.
I just got back from abroad.
My dad especially likes Tang San cuisine
So I want to give it to him.
Mr. Lu, do you want a check?
Or cash?
Cash bar, too lazy to go to the bank again
It just so happens that my bank account hasn't been opened yet.
By the way, this is the boss, right?
Why don't you leave a contact information?
I will contact you if there are other good things at the end.
It's mine.
And I was right.
Mr. Lu is not an ordinary person
This is my contact information.
Feel free to contact me if you need it in the future.
By the way, Mr. Lu, there will be an antique exchange meeting in two days.
I also want to ask you to help me grow my eyes
Please let Miss Shi speak
Then I must go
Mr. Lu is really refreshing
Crazy
Hurry up, Mr. Song hasn't taken the money yet
Ahhhh!
Sister, don't drink these
Hahaha you fucking hit me, rob you hit me
You call your cell phone
Call me to death
Damn the person who owes me money and still threatens me
I will show you the three characters Zhao Dalong today.
How to write